So let us suppose that we have a process B in execution and at any given point of time, let us suppose
that the process has used this month's amount of memory already.
This dotted line represents boundary off of our trial page.
So if the process he has to use more of a virtual memory, it has to use a new virtual page all together.
Now suppose the process issues the request mallock hundred.
That is the process.
He wants to use a hundred more bytes of virtual memory.
So now the Marlock function will check whether it has any virtual page which has a space left.
Now, in this diagram, you can see that process B needs a new virtual page all.
So it means that there is no virtual pace to meet hundred bytes of request from the process.
Therefore, my function interns invoke SB aka system call to request a new virtual page from the operating
system altogether.
So you can see that the huge segment of the process show that just the space expands by a size equal
to the size of a virtual page.
And now this mullock function keeps track of this new virtual page.
Now, the original request that was issued by the process P was one hundred bytes, and the size of
this virtual page we already know is four kilobytes, right?
So log function out of these four kilobytes, we assign only one hundred plus embryo's bytes.
And those hundred plus Ambiens bytes are actually given to the process.
To use my log function will keep track of how much memory is still remaining on this virtual page.
Operating system is not aware that G.
Lipsey is playing this efficient game.
Now what does Gypsys G.
Lipsey is a standard C library in which there is mallock implementation.
So operating system is not aware that Jilib C is playing this efficient game.
All it believes that is all operating system believes that it has assigned four kilobytes of virtual
memory to a requesting process.
So you can see that there are three entities that are involved in this entire mechanism.
The process p, the G.
Lipsey Library, which has MALLAK implementation and the operating system.
You can see that G.
Lipsey interact with the operating system using, as we are called only.
Right.
So the operating system allocates one new brand virtual page to the Mallott function, which is implemented
in G.
Lipsey Library and Mallott function, which is implemented in Jilib celebrity will assign only a portion
of the virtual memory of this virtual page to a process B as part of my request.
So you can see this is the entire picture in totality.
All operating system knows that it has assigned one full virtual page to A Process B.
It doesn't know that Lipsey is actually assigning only a chunk of memory from the virtual page to a
process B, so the Marlock function, which is implemented in Jilib celebrity, acts as a middleman
between operating system and a process B.
So now going forward, I suppose the process, again, issues on the request of 200 bytes.
Now you can see that multi-function function already has a virtual page and this virtual page still
has some virtual memory to be used by the process.
So the Madlock function will use the same virtual page and assign to one hundred plus MBBS bytes of
memory to a process from the cast virtual page.
And now this time, Malot function do not invoke any spark a system call and do not even disturb operating
system.
In fact, the operating system do not know about this mallock call.
By a process.
So now the question is that, right, this apparition came by malac, the simple reason is that to minimize
the number of system call in location.
So Sparkie is a system called right.
And we know that in location of system calls are expensive because the force, the process to preempt
their normal execution and switch from user mode to prevalent mode.
So SBIR is one such system call and it is an expensive call.
So Mellark does this caching of virtual page so as to minimize the number of system calls in vacation
for every memory request by a process.
Suppose the Madlock do not do this caching of virtual page.
Then for every Mallak request that is issued by the process, you would have been end up calling SB
Archey call again and again disturbing the operating system every time.
So this would have impact the performance of a process which are mammone intensive.